306 relationship display fields (for all models) (#321)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/installation/migrating-from-netbox.md

A new [`Status`](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/models/extras/status/) model has been added to represent the `status` field for many models. Each status has a human-readable `name` field (e.g. `Active`), and a `slug` field (e.g. `active`).

### Display name

> Several models such as device type and VLAN expose a `display_name` property which has been renamed to `display`. In fact, there are several other instances, especially in the REST API, where the `display_name` field is used and as such, all instances have been renamed to `display`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several models such as device type and VLAN exposed a `display_name` property, which has now been renamed to `display`. In fact, there are several other instances, especially in the REST API, where the `display_name` field was used and as such, all instances have been renamed to `display`.
```
